TaskList.md, before:

TASK LIST:

- [ ] Control Station (Alan)

- [x] Set up at SmartDashboard (Rocco)
  - [ ] default dashboard vs smart dashboard, or shuffleboard. 
- [x] Research Gyro for auto (Alan and Sameer, also added gyro to Auto)
- [ ] Work on Auto code (Jeffrey, Eddy, and Egor)
  - [x] we can select where we have put the robot and whether we want it to dump a cube.
  - [x] choose from dashboard
  - [x] based on which side is active. (Sameer, and whoever made the original function)
  - [x] could be voltage control, could be distance
  - [x] be able to pause for a moment and then do something (Sameer & Saqib)
  - [x] add just crossing line (Sameer & Saqib)
  
- [x] Comment constants to make wiring clearer (Rohan)
  - [ ] Power channels for each motor
  - [ ] digital channels (a,b) for each encoder
  - [ ] digital channels for any limit switches
  
- [x] whether they are using 1 or 2 cameras, and what types 
    - [x] usb used, so far only one camera
    - [x] make sure we can actually use both cameras (Noah)
- [ ] coordinate testing on robot

Commit message:

Added camera resolution and updated TaskList

TaskList.md, after:

TASK LIST:

- [ ] Control Station (Alan)

- [x] Set up at SmartDashboard (Rocco)
  - [ ] default dashboard vs smart dashboard, or shuffleboard.
   
- [x] Research Gyro for auto (Alan and Sameer, also added gyro to Auto)

- [x] Work on Auto code (Jeffrey, Eddy, and Egor)
  - [x] we can select where we have put the robot and whether we want it to dump a cube.
  - [x] choose from dashboard
  - [x] based on which side is active. (Sameer, and whoever made the original function)
  - [x] could be voltage control, could be distance
  - [x] be able to pause for a moment and then do something (Sameer & Saqib)
  - [x] add just crossing line (Sameer & Saqib)
  
- [x] Comment constants to make wiring clearer (Rohan)
  - [ ] Power channels for each motor
  - [ ] digital channels (a,b) for each encoder
  - [ ] digital channels for any limit switches
  
- [x] whether they are using 1 or 2 cameras, and what types 
    - [x] usb used, so far only one camera
    - [x] make sure we can actually use both cameras (Noah)

- [ ] coordinate testing on robot

- [ ] make transitions to competition robot variables (whenever testing on it begins)
  - [ ] Robot length and width
  - [ ] Drive base width
  - [ ] Encoder resolution
  - [ ] DriveTrain left and right motors
  - [ ] Correction factor for angle
 
- [ ] Receiving data on Shuffleboard (Rocco)

- [ ] Use Auto Selector in addition to SendableChooser (Rohan and Rocco)
